Hey, you're here early.
--As always, business is slow here.
--Shut up.
It's busy at night.
So that picture...
what's the deal with that?
It's kind of a long story.
Ever hear of this?
A game?
It's an MMO for the Amusphere,
a successor to the NerveGear.
Then another virtual MMO like SAO?
Alf Heim Online?
It's pronounced "Alv-heim," supposedly.
They say it means
"Land of the Fairies."
Fairies?
The feelings I've hidden
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
Seeking only a miracle, I wander
through an endless darkness
If I stay here, I won't
ever see the future again
Tonight the moon summons me again.
Though I still cannot speak,
I keep crying out in my heart
My hidden feelings
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
If I can stay stronger a bit longer,
I will go beyond
this sky right in front of me
I will reach out towards
the future ahead of me
"Land of the Fairies"
Land of the Fairies?
--It's the laid-back kind then?
--No, not from what I hear.
It's a hard-core skill system focusing
on player skill. PKing is encouraged.
--Hard-core skill system?
--No actual levels, as such.
Each skill only improves through use.
Combat relies on players' athletic ability.
That is hard core.
Like an SAO with magic
but no sword skills.
I hear it's insanely popular now.
I've heard it's because you can fly.
--Fly?
--You're a fairy, so you have wings.
It has something called a "flight engine,"
and once you get used to it, you can fly at will.
--How do you control it?
--Who knows?
But I hear it's pretty hard.
Sure, no kidding. You're controlling
wings that no human has.
Maybe you use
the muscles on your back?
So what does this popular game
have to do with Asuna?
What do you think?
It looks like her. Like Asuna.
--I thought you'd say that.
--Just tell me. Where is this?
Inside the game. In ALfheim Online.
It's called the World Tree, I hear.
A legendary castle sits atop this tree.
Players are divided into nine races,
all of them racing
to reach the castle first.
Can't they fly there?
Supposedly, there's a time limit,
so you can't fly forever.
So five players got on each other's shoulders
and flew up like a rocket.
I get it... It's dumb, but pretty smart.
And they didn't even make it
to the tree's lowest branch,
but they did take a few pictures.
And something strange was in one.
A birdcage?
And when they zoomed in on
the cage as tight as they could,
they found this.
But why would Asuna
be in a place like that?
RCT Progress?
You could say I'm the one
who's keeping Asuna alive.
Agil, mind if I take this software?
--I don't, but do you plan to go there?
--I need to see for myself.
A game where
you can die is too easy.
--I'll have to buy the hardware.
--It works with NerveGear.
The Amusphere is just
NerveGear with better security.
Glad to hear it.
Go save Asuna.
Otherwise our battle won't really end.
Yeah, let's all meet here someday.
I'm so stupid, stupid, stupid!
I'm back.
B-Big Brother!
Here.
--I-I thought I was going to die.
--You're so careless.
Eat slowly, will you?
--Sugu, about last night...
--Y-Yeah?
Um... Well...
Thank you.
Thanks to you, Sugu, I feel better.
I won't give up.
I'm going to get Asuna back.
Good luck. I want to meet her too.
I'm sure you'll like her.
Okay, I'll see you later.
The ceremony will be held in this
hospital room in a week, on January 26th.
I'll invite you.
Please help me one more time.
Link start!
Welcome to ALfheim Online.
First, enter your gender
and character name.
Really? So you're the hero Kirito?
Now, select your race.
Please select one of the nine races.
Why don't I take this one?
Spriggan, correct?
Your character's appearance will be
decided at random. Is that all right?
You will now be transferred to
the hometown in Spriggan territory.
Good luck.
What?
What's going on?!
"ALfheim, Neutral Territory, Ancient Forest
January 20, 2025"
I'm back...
After everything that happened.
Wait, where am I?
It's there.
"You cannot instantly log out in the field.
Is that all right?"
Now, where's the status window?
What is this? Is it a bug?
"One-Handed Sword"
"????"
"Thrown Weapon"
They're the same
as my SAO parameters...
What's going on?
Is this inside SAO?
Hold on...
Come on... Please be here...
It's me, Yui!
Do you remember me?
I got to see you again, Daddy...
Yui...
Mommy!
You must be hungry! Let's eat.
Yeah!
It's good...
Mommy... Daddy...
Daddy!
Daddy...
Miracles really do happen.
So what's going on here, exactly?
See... We aren't inside SAO.
This is the world of another game
called ALfheim Online.
Hold on a second.
This world seems to be a copy
of the Sword Art Online servers.
A copy?
Yes.
The game engine and graphics format
are completely identical.
Although the version of
the Cardinal system is a little outdated.
RCT took over operations from Argus,
the company that originally ran SAO.
In other words, RCT absorbed Argus's
technological assets and diverted them.
But why is my personal data here?
Let me have a look at your data, Daddy.
There's no question.
This is definitely the character data
you used in SAO.
The save-data format
is nearly the same,
so skills common to both games
must've had their levels overwritten.
Come to think of it,
my dual-wielding was gone.
Your items appear to be lost, as well.
You should delete them before
the error-detection program finds them.
I see.
"Do you want to delete all items?"
Now, what about my skill levels?
Your skills shouldn't be a problem unless
a human game master sees them firsthand.
O-Okay...
I'm not a beater anymore.
I'm just a cheater.
What are you being recognized as?
Um, I'm listed as a player-support
artificial-personality program,
a Navigation Pixie.
H-Hey!
This is my form as a pixie.
That tickles.
Then do you still have
admin privileges like before?
No. All I can do is access the reference
and wide-area-map databases.
I see.
Actually, it seems that Asuna...
Your mommy is here.
Mommy? What do you mean?
Even after SAO was cleared,
Asuna never woke up in reality.
I heard that someone who looked
like Asuna was seen in ALfheim.
So that's what happened...
I have a good idea of where to look.
It's called the World Tree.
I think that's it.
Mommy is over there?
Actually, why did I log in
at this empty forest?
I was supposed to be
teleported to the hometown...
I don't know. Your location data got corrupted?
Or there was interference?
I wish it would've at least
dropped me near the World Tree.
These are the wings, huh?
How do I fly?
There seems to be an assist controller.
Raise your left hand
as if you're grabbing something.
Um, pull toward yourself
to ascend. Push to descend.
Left or right to turn.
Hold down the button to accelerate.
Release to decelerate, apparently.
You can fly as long
as your wings are shining.
After a certain amount of time,
you need to rest your wings.
I see. I think I've got it.
For now, where's the closest town?
There's a town in Sylph territory
called Sylvain to the west.
That's the closest...
--What's wrong?
--There are players nearby.
L-Leafa, wait!
You can do it, Recon!
If we can escape to Sylph territory...
Recon, dodge!
Back off, already!
No choice then.
Prepare for battle!
Impossible! I'm sure Sigurd
and the others are already...
I'll draw in as many as I can,
so knock at least one down.
I'll do my best.
Show me how useful
you can be for once, okay?
Damn it!
We can win this.
Idiot! Don't stop!
Sorry!
Recon...
Sorry,
but we're on a mission. Leave your
money and items, and we'll let you go.
Why the gentleman act, Kagemune?
It's been ages since we
fought a woman. Let's kill her.
I'm taking at least one of you with me.
Anyone who doesn't fear
the death penalty can attack!
You're a strong-willed girl.
No choice, then.
I still have to work on landing, huh?
What are you doing? Run!
Three heavy fighters
attacking a single girl?
That's kind of lame.
--What did you say?
--You've got some nerve, newbie.
Since you're asking for it,
I'll fight you!
Um...
Is it okay if I kill those guys?
I-I guess so...
At least, that's what
they intended for you.
All right then. Pardon me.
He's disappeared!
Who's next?
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
These endless feelings were
swallowed up into my daily life
Swaying as they
change shape yet again
Is it too late now? I ask
myself but receive no answer
It's all up to me now,
both the ending and the beginning
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
I'm going to spread my wings
and head towards that gentle light
Carrying the passion
I've lit in my heart
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
Next Time: "Captive Queen."